2. Employment and Duties. Effective April 15, 2015, Employee is hereby employed by Employer as Software Engineer. In this position, Employee shall perform duties in the technical domain as directed by the CTO of Employer.
4. Term of Employment. Subject to prior termination of this Agreement as hereinafter provided in section 6, Employer hereby employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts employment with Employer, for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on April 15, 2016 (the “Employment Term”).
5. Compensation and Benefits. In consideration of Employee’s services to Employer during the Employment Term, Employer agrees to compensate Employee, subject to such limitations as may exist under any federal or state banking law or regulation, as follows:
(a) Base Compensation. Employer shall pay or cause to be paid to Employee a base compensation of $xx,000 per year (hereinafter the “Base Salary”), less payroll taxes and withholding required by federal, state or local law and any additional withholding to which Employee agrees in writing. Said Base Salary shall be payable in semi-weekly installments in accordance with Employer’s normal payroll procedures.
(b) General Expenses. Employer shall, upon submission and approval of written statements and bills in accordance with the then regular procedures of Employer, reimburse Employee for any and all reasonable necessary, customary and usual expenses incurred by him while traveling for or on behalf of Employer, and any and all other necessary, customary or usual expenses incurred by Employee for or on behalf of Employer in the normal course of business, as determined to be appropriate by CEO of the Employer.
(c) Holiday and Vacation PTO. The Employee shall have access to 18 days of Paid Time Off available on the effective date of this agreement. This PTO is in addition to the standard 7 days of Paid Holiday that are provided to employees of Employer.
6. Termination of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated during the Employment Term in accordance with this section 6.
(b) Early Termination by Employer Without Cause. This Agreement and Employee’s employment may be terminated by Employer without cause, for any reason whatsoever or for no reason at all, in the sole, absolute and unreviewable discretion of Employer, upon written notice by Employer to Employee.
In the event that Employee is terminated by Employer without cause, Employee shall be eligible to receive a single sum severance payment equal to one half his Base Salary for the smaller of 90 days or the number of days remaining in the Employment Term (less payroll taxes and withholding required by any federal, state or local law, any additional withholding to which Employee has agreed, and any outstanding obligations owed by the Employee to Employer).
(d) Early Termination Upon Disability. This Agreement and all benefits hereunder shall terminate if Employee is not able, as a result of an illness or other physical or mental disability, to perform the essential functions of his position as required by this Agreement for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days or in excess of one hundred eighty (180) days in any one (1) year period, notwithstanding reasonable accommodation by Employer to Employee’s known physical or mental disability, solely in accordance with, and to the extent required by, the Americans with Disabilities Act, 29 U.S.C. Sections 12101-213 or any other state or local law governing the employment of disabled persons (the “ADA”) provided such accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the operation of Employer’s business or a direct threat to the Employee or others pursuant to the ADA. 
(e) Death During Employment. This Agreement and all benefits hereunder shall terminate immediately upon the death of Employee.
